The project is of creating a dashboard for bike sales analysis.

The Dataset has the following columns: -
1. ID
2. Martial Status
3. Income
4. Children
5. Education
6. Occupation
7. Home Owner
8. Cars
9. Commute Distance
10. Region
11. Age
12. Purchased Bike (Yes/No?)
13. Gender

However, the data was for the US market so some adjustments were done to the data:

	The currency format was changed from USD to INR, and Income levels were multipled by 10 to make it more realistic in the 
	Indian context. To multiply the income levels by 10 in all cells, one cell was taken as reference and multiplied by 10, 
	and then the formula was applied to all cells at once. Then the new entries were pasted upon the old entries.
	
	The commute distance was listed in Miles, so it was changed to kilometers. To do this 'Ctrl + H' was used to find all the entries 
	of 'Miles' and then it was replaced by 'Km'.
	
	The Region was listed as 'Pacific, Europe and North America' so it was changed to 'North India, South India, East India,West India 
	and North East India' using the following formula:
	'=CHOOSE(RANDBETWEEN(1,5), "North India", "South India", "East India", "West India", "North East India")'

For this project, three new sheets were created: 
1. Working sheet so that the original data remains untouched
2. A Pivot Table
3. A Dashboard

STEP 1: - PERFORMING DATA CLEANING
Apply filters

Remove Duplicates (13 duplicate entries were found and deleted)

Now the entries in the column 'Martial Status' and 'Gender' contains entries in the form of 'M&S for Married and Single'
and 'M&F for Male and Female' respectively. This could create confusion as both the columns uses 'M' to denote different variables.
So, we change these entries to 'Married and Single' and 'Male and Female', using the 'Ctrl + H' to 'Find and Replace'

Next, age was given in discrete numbers, but it would be better if they are grouped into categories so that it becomes easier to 
summarise and analyse data. So, using the IF statement we grouped the various ages into three categories:
 - Adolescent
 - Middle Aged
 - Old
The formula used was: "=IF(L9>55, "Old",IF(L9>=31,"Middle Aged",IF(L9<31,"Adolescent","Invalid")))"

DATA CLEANING IS DONE AND NOW THE DATASET IS READY FOR ANALYSIS

STEP 2: - PERFORMING DATA ANALYSIS USING PIVOT TABLES

To find out the average income of people who purchases or do not purchase a bike, we will use the income column (putting it into the 
value field in thepivot table and changing the value field to calculate average). We would also like to separate them on the basis 
of gender so we will put also use the 'gender' column (putting it into the rows field in the pivot table). Then we will put the column 
'bike purchase' in the columns field of the pivot table.

Next, find that whether the commuting distance affect bike purchase decision for the consumer?
So, put the column 'commute distance' in the rows field of the pivot table. Then we will put the 'purchase bike' column in both the
Values and Columns field of the pivot table.

Next, find that whether the age of the consumer affect bike purchase decision?
So, put 'Purchase Bike' Column into the Columns and Values field of the Pivot Table, and put the column 'Age Bracket' into the
Rows field of the Pivot Table.

Next, find the relationship between Occupation and Bike Ownership.
So, put 'Purchase Bike' Column into the Columns and Values field of the Pivot Table, and put the column 'Occupation' into the
Rows field of the Pivot Table.

Next, find the relationship between Region and Bike Ownership.
So, put 'Purchase Bike' Column into the Columns and Values field of the Pivot Table, and put the column 'Region' into the
Rows field of the Pivot Table.

Finally, some slicers are added so that the data can be tweaked and analysed from different perspectives.
